Real Activ Juice - Mixed Fruit (Cucumber Spinach), 1 lt Carton, 105, '2';
About--Real Activ Mixed Fruit Spinach Cucumber juice is a refreshing and nutritious blend of fruits and vegetables with the goodness of Spinach and Cucumbers. Cucumbers are a great low calorie# snack and are a good source of Vitamin C. Spinach is a Superfood for your heart and eyes.
ingredients--Apple Juice Concentrate, Orange Juice Concentrate, Guava Puree, Passion Fruit Juice Concentrate, Pineapple Concentrate, Mango Puree Concentrate, Apricot Puree Concentrate, Banana Puree, Vegetable Juice Concentrate (Carrot, Celery, Cucumber, Sauerkraut, Beetroot, Onion, Pepper), Cucumber Juice Concentrate, Lime Juice Concentrate and Spinach Juice Concentrate.

Tropicana Juice - Cranberry Twirl, 1 ltr Tetra, 99, '2';
About--Tropicana Cranberry Twirl has been prepared from the finest cranberries from across the world. This has a yummy taste and also has properties that your health can greatly derive benefits from. Cranberry Twirl has no added preservatives that make it a real winner. You can get the high-quality juice taste as well as the nutritive elements with no hassle and no worries about any harmful effects.


Tropicana Juice - Pomegranate Delight, 1 ltr Tetra, 99, '3';
About--Tropicana pomegranate delight is a delicious beverage made from 100% natural Fruits, It has no preservative and additives. Pomegranate is very beneficial as it is said to reduce blood cholesterol level and fight arthritis.
ingredients--(per 100 ml) Calories: 56 kcl Total Fat: 0 g Saturated: 0 g Polyunsaturated: 0 g Monounsaturated: 0 g Trans: 0 g Cholesterol: 0 mg Sodium: 41 mg Protein: 0 g Sugars: 14 g Dietary Fiber: 0 g Potassium: 47 mg Total Carbs: 14 g

Tropicana Juice - Mixed Fruit, 1 ltr Tetra, 95, '1';
About--Tropicana Juice - Mixed Fruit provides nutrition to our body, regenerates our brain and at the same time keeps us agile as well as fresh to deal with the ordeals of the whole day. The mixed fruit juice is made from the choicest fruits and hence the customers are guaranteed with the best quality. 1 liter of this juice is equivalent to 1.3 kg of mixed fruits and thus all the goodness of fresh fruits are packed in this. In this Tropicana juice no preservatives or artificial colour is used and it is completely cholesterol free as well. Most importantly in the Tropicana juice, there is no added sugar and it is devoid of natural fat. Thus one can savour the great taste without worrying about putting on weight.
With Tropicana Mixed Fruit juice, get the taste and goodness of real apples, oranges, bananas, strawberries, mangoes, pineapples and apricots. With each sip get a bite of all fruits! A glass of chilled juice feels heaven on those sultry sweaty days. Nutritious and delicious, Tropicana is the first name that comes to mind when you say juice. And to kick start a day, nothing works better than a glass of this energy booster. The rest of the day will be a breeze! Buy Tropicana Mixed Fruit Juice online now and have it delivered to your doorstep!
ingredients--(per 100 ml) Calories 52 Total Fat 0 g Saturated 0 g Polyunsaturated 0 g Monounsaturated 0 g Trans 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 0 mg Potassium 113 mg Total Carbs 13 g Dietary Fiber 0 g Sugars 13 g Protein 0 g

