'Alda Hard Anodized - Grill Pan Griddle, 24 cm','4',1444;
About--Alda Hard Anodised - Grill Pan Griddle comes with Strong Stainless Steel Handle with silicone rubber for soft cool grip. It has perfect thickness will prevent the food burnt. It has highly conductive aluminum, it provide fast cooking.


'Butterfly Kroma - Non Stick Cookware, 3 pcs','5',1999;
About--Pack Content: Induction Stove Compatible 250 mm Fry Pan, 250 mm Omni Tawa, 240 mm Kadai with Lid.
Butterfly Kroma Non Stick Cookware is ergonomically designed and high temperature resistant. It has 3 mm thick aluminum body ensures longer life and increased durability. It has high temperature resistant coating that withstands temperature as high as 230 degrees C and retains colour longer.


'Sonax Car Wash - Shampoo, 1000 ml','5',409;
About-Sonax Car Wash Shampoo: Gently and Thoroughly cleans all types of paintwork, chrome, plastics and glass 100 ml are enough for 10 litres of water, Can also be used in high pressure cleaners.


'Godrej Aer Car Fragrance Refill - Click Fresh Lush Green (60 Days), 1 pc','6',225;
About--Godrej Lush Green Click Aer Perfumes remind you of the nature is delight taking you back to the first walk on green grass and the walk in lavender fields. It is the next generation car air freshener. Just click to On and click to Off. The Click Aer Perfume lasts up to 60 days. You might even hear the birds chirping.


'Sonax Clear View - Concentrate, 250 ml','1',379;
About--Sonax Clear View Concentrate: Highly concentrated cleaner additive for the windscreen washer unit, Removes insects, Oil, Silicone and other Hazardous blinding films, Compatible with plastic does not cause tension cracks and dull spots on headlamp diffuser, Also well Suitable for high-quality XENON headlamps and plastic diffuser in clear glass design, Suitable for fan jet nozzles, Can be mixed with tap water (all hardness degrees) thanks to anti-lime effect, Minimum wiper Strokes Maximum safety, Contain bittering agents more safety for children With fresh Scent.
ingredients--old bottle upright, Unscrew the cap a quarter turn, Fill the dosing chamber with 25 ml of concentrate by Squeezing the lower part of the bottle, Unscrew the cap completely and add the contents of the dosing chamber to the windscreen water, For larger containers use a corresponding greater amount of concentrate, The bottle contents yield 25 litres of cleaning solution, Protect aganist frost


'KMB Waste Segregation Kit - 2 bins , 1 bag , 1 pamphlet','6',115;
About--Garbage becomes absolutely wasted only when tied in an anonymous plastic bag creating a toxic environment when disposed. There's so much that can be salvaged from your trash if you package it the right way. Presenting the cool new way to reclaim your trash and our earth from being wasted - Two bins, One bag. The Green bin collects your organic waste which gets composted, thereby enriching the earth. The Red bin collects reject and sanitary waste which cannot be recycled. The Reusable bag collects all the recyclable waste. Plastic liners are not used in either of these bins, resulting in 100% elimination of the omnipresent plastic bag menace. It does not get any simpler than this. Be a responsible citizen, buy your kit now and start segregating pronto!
Join www.fb.com/groups/kasamukthabellandur for more information on how you can take this forward and transform your community/neighbourhood.
The Pack contains 2 Dust Bins with 2 significant different colors as Green & Red with the capacity of 7 lt each. Green Color dust bin for organic waste, Red color for sanitary waste and Bag for all other dry waste.


'Scotch Brite Sponge Wipe - Large, 1 nos','5',55;
About--Scotch Brite


'Gala KINGKONG GRASS BROOM-VF, 1 pc','4',88;
About-- use for cleaning home


'Prestige Stylo Mixer Grinder, 550 Watts','5',1299;
About--Cook strong and yummy food with the aid of this smart mixer-grinder. Its prevailing motor and high superiority blades crush fine pastes and blend ingredients entirely. The mixer grinder achieves liquidisation, combination and grinding too while making use of remarkable jars for unusual purposes. It includes 3 Stainless Steel Jar, powerful Handles, Water draw off Facility. It has 2 Years Warranty.
3 Stainless Steel Mutli Purpose Blade
2 Years Warranty


'Prestige Dry Iron - PDI 02, 1000 Watts','3',875;
About--Prestige PDI-02 is a dry iron planned for an easy ironing experience. This light proves when iron has reached the requisite temperature and is ready to use. This iron features an adjustable thermostat manage, non-stick sole plate, shock-proof plastic body and a power indicator. The greatest power use of the Prestige PDI-02 dry iron is 1000 W for better presentation. It is superior to use an iron with high power wattage for fast heating.
Non Stick Sole Plate, Power Indicator
2 Year Warrant


'Prestige Induction Cook - Top PIC 12.0, 1500 Watts','3',2455;
About--You can arrange variety of dishes with immense ease with Prestige PIC 12.0 Induction Cooktop. It comes with dual heat sensors that repeatedly sense the temperature of the vessel in order to avoid overheating, which thereby, keeps high power. Also, it arrives with aerodynamic cooling system and automatic voltage regulator for controlling temperature.
Anti Magnatic Wall
1 Year Warranty



'Prestige Stainless Steel Idli Stand, 5 plates','5',500;
About--Prepared with high quality stainless steel Prestige Idly plate’s area superb accessory for your Prestige Pressure Cooker. Prepare soft idlis or tasty dhoklas. Get ready for a superb breakfast. Every plate consisting of 4 idli spots. It creates 20 idlis in one average cooker.
convenient, verstile, ecoNomical
Kitchen Uttensil, 1 YEAR Warranty


'Om Bhakti Color - Rangoli Kit, 4 Colors','4',200;
About--OM Bhakti Color Rangoli is a collection of four colors of Rangoli stone powder, This can be used for creating beautiful Rangoli designs at your home. These four colors are packed in a carton box.

'Cherry Blossom Liquid Shoe Polish - Black, 75 ml Bottle','4',59;
About--Shines, Nourishes, Protects
To Use: Remove dust from shoes. Invert bottle and press sponge applicator against the shoe. Wait for polish to come on the surface. Spread using light stroke. Shake well before use, Unique angled neck for easy application, Do not use on suede or patent leather, Replace cap after use.