'Himalaya Hair Cream - Protein, 175 ml Jar','1',100;
About--Himalaya Herbals Protein Hair Cream Extra Nourishment a unique herbal formulation with extra nourishment of ordinary proteins derived from Chickpea and Wheat germ. It developed with Eclipta and Amla that helps hair growth. It gives Natural Proteins, Extra Nourishments and Stronger Roots
ingredients--Key Ingredients: Indian Gooseberry, Chickpea, Wheatgerm & Amla.

Park Avenue Styling Gel - Neon, 100 gm Bottle','5',95;
About--Park Avenue Neon Styling Gel comes with long lasting effect adding style to your hair. The gel deeply conditions your hair leaving them soft and smooth. The presence of panthenol in this Gel Neon Hair Style penetrates into your hair and nourishes it.

'Vega Brush - Mehndi or Dye MB-01, 1 pc','7',35;
About--Vega Mehndi / Dye Brushes MB-01 are completed from best bristles which assist to caresses your hair evenly. It is perfect for salon and home use. It lets you to simply part and section the hair for more exact and even application of hair color. Brush hair color onto your hair with Vega Dye Brush for an even and specialized result. This Vega Dye Brush allows you to put more color where it is necessary and allowing you to truly apply color to those difficult areas.


'Parachute After Shower Cream - Anti-Dandruff', 50 gm Tube,'4',44;
About--Parachute Advanced after shower anti-dandruff cream is that hair styling cream that will help you of itchy dandruff and permit you to style your hair to leave with your delightful personality. This non-sticky cream from the house of Parachute has been infused with the good of coconut proteins that will condition the hair and scalp. Beside with conditioning, these proteins will work all through the day to fight dandruff and maintain it from coming back as well.
ingredients--Aqua, mineral oil, coconut oil, isohexadecane, Propylene Glycol, cyclomethicone, alcohol, ethoxylates, TEA, fragrance, sorbitan oleate, allantoin, carbomer, PVP and dimethicone, phenoxyethanol, acrylates/C10-30 alkyl acrylate crosspolymer, methyparaben, EDTA, propylparaben, coconut milk protein, lemon oil, neem oil, tea tree oil.

'Loreal Paris Movie Tickets - Scratch Card, 1 nos','3',NOT FOR SALE;
About--Buy any L’Oreal Paris haircare products (shampoos/ conditioners/serum/ masque/oil/ styling)  worth Rs 300/- and get a couple movie ticket for any movie.

'Vega Comb - Detangling (1 Row)1266, 1 pc','4',59;
About--Vega Handmade Comb is crafted from cellulose acetate which does not create static in hair due to its non-petroleum based material, which is derived from natural plants. It has smooth rounded teeth which do not hurt your scalp while combing and help to reduce hair fall. They are gentle on scalp and ideal for sensitive skin. This comb is also useful in hair grooming and styling thus adding lustre to your hair.


'Vega Brush - Round E11 RB, 1 pc','3',55;
About--Vega Round Hair Brush E11-RB has nylon bristles have superb grip allowing for easier styling when using a round brush. It is perfect for adding body, volume, smoothing and at the similar time it makes your hair shiny. It has resistant stay-put ball tips. The heat-activated ceramic cutting permits even heat distribution and better heat maintenance, cutting your drying time and make your hair setting last longer.
