Sharbat Roohafza The Natural refreshing drink, 750 ml Bottl, 125 , '3'
About--Roohafza is basically made for summer seasons. It removes your thirst and recharges your body. It is made according to the international Standards and does not have any negative effect on body and health.
ingredients---Sugar, Distillate of Fragrant Screw pine, Distillate of Rose, Citric Acid, F.D & C Red 40, Sodium Benzoate as a Preservative, Xanthan gum & Aqua Distillate.

Mapro Lounge - Citrus Blue, 700 ml Bottle, 180 , '2';
About---Mapro's offer the Lounge Citrus Blue fun fruit mixers for mocktails and cocktails. Citrus Blue has a tangy, sweet-bitter flavour of oranges and sweet lime. Its blue colour makes it great with fruit juices, mixers, water or soda. Mix one part of Citrus Blue with five parts of water or soda and give your party that extra punch.
Sweet lime & orange crush


Mapro Coolz Sharbat - Khus, 700 ml Bottle, 126 , '4';
About--Mapro Khus Sharbat made from the root extract of khus plant, cool off with this green, sweet, refreshing, musky tasting sharbat. Vetiver or khus is known for its cooling and soothing properties that make it popular in various medicinal uses. By diluting it with six parts chilled milk or five parts water. You can also use it for mocktails and ice lollies.
Sharbat Ingredients: Sugar, extract of khus root, water, citric acid (E-330). Contains permitted synthetic food colours (E-102, E-133) and added flavours-natural, nature identical and artificial flavouring substances. Contains permitted class II preservative (E-211).


Mapro Crush - Litchi, 700 ml Bottle, 126 , '1';
About--Suitable with Water. Ingredients: Sugar, Litchi Pulp, Water, Citric Acid (E-330), Pectin (E-440(i)).
With their white translucent flesh and sweet taste, litchis have an amazing freshness to them. They are rich in vitamin C and potassium, and can be used in desserts, sauces, marinades, salads and beverages. For a fresh cooling drink, mix one part crush with five parts water.


