Bb Royal Moong Dal, 500 gm Pouch--63
About--Moong dal is sweet-tasting, yellow-coloured, split green moong beans, husked. These are high in fibre and protein. They have vitamins A, B, C and E and are an enormous source of minerals such as potassium, iron and calcium. They contain a low glycemic index and almost no fat content.
Benefits--Green Dal helps to reduce cholesterol. It has very low fat content which helps in reducing weight. It possesses diuretic and detoxifying properties. It helps regulate body temperature, cholesterol and blood sugar levels.


Bb Royal Raw Peanuts, 500 gm Pouch--73
About--Peanuts are a very superior source of monounsaturated fats, the variety of fat that is emphasized in the heart-healthy Mediterranean diet. Each oval-shaped kernel or seed is included of two off-white lobes that are enclosed by a brownish-red skin.
Benefits--The antioxidants and folic acid in peanuts may provide some protection against cancer. It is rich in calcium which helps promotes healthy bones. It has higher bioflavonoid resveratrol content than grapes. This bioflavonoid is believed to improve blood flow in the brain by as much as 30%, thus greatly reducing the risk of stroke.


Nutrela Soya - Mini Chunk, 200 gm Pouch--40
About--Nutrela now offers you the Mini Soya Chunks, purely made from 100% soy flour. Nutrela Soya Chunks are the alternative products of choice when trying to avoid meat and eggs and finding sources for Protein or which comes under pure vegetarian stuffs. It unifies easily in all types of dishes and spreads their flavour all over. Hence it can also be used as a substitute for paneer, vegetables, meat, fish etc.
Facts--(Per 100 g) Calories 336 Total Fat 0 g Saturated Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 0 mg Total Carbohydrate 28.9 g Sugars 0 g Protein 54.2 g

Shree Ram Spices Soya Kheema, 100 gm Pouch--20
About--Soya chunks have long been a favourite. The very fact the boiled nuggets turn spongy, all ready to absorb any flavours you dunk them in, make them a delight to cook with.

Safe Harvest Moong Green - Split, 500 gm Pouch--61
About===Moong dal (split) is one of the easiest dals to digest and for this reason it is often given to people recovering from a sickness, specially a stomach upset. The water necessary and cooking time given here is average.
Ingredients--Green Moong Dal

Tata I Shakti Toor Dal - Unpolished, 1 kg Pouch--97
ingredients--Tata I Shakti Toor Dal - Unpolished, 1 kg Pouch

Rentio Classic - Tuver Dal (Kori), 1 kg--105
About--It is processed with special type of Toor. To satisfy the Non Gujaratie who prefer to eat non – oily Toor Dal

