Fresho Sweet Lime (Large) - Grade A, 1 kg ( approx. 5 to 6 nos ), '3', 50;
About---Sweet Lime is a versatile fruit with a sugary and sour flavor. These are pale yellow colored, mildly sugary tasting, juicy fruits that is native to South Asia. This amazing fruit makes terrific nutritional value. It is low in calories; presently 43 calories per 100 grams. The peel can differ in thickness from thin to quire thick.
Benefits---Sweet Lime is a coolant, and has antiseptic, anti-congestant, antiviral, anticancer & anti-inflammatory properties. It is also beneficial for cardiovascular health. It dissolves crystals that form in the arthritic joints. and prevents and treats scurvy.

Bru Instant Coffee, 50 gm Pouch,'5',77;(10 discount)
About--Bru instant coffee is a high class, rich tasting coffee powder that offers you the best cup of morning coffee, not including taking much of your time. The sheer depth of flavor and smell will enjoyably surprise you.
Ingredients--Coffee 7% & Chicory 3%

Fresho Tamarind - Sweet, 250 gm Box,'7',81;
About--Fresho Sweet Tamarind contains high energy and fiber content, these tamarind is a great source of B-vitamins and a number of minerals. The tamarind is best described as sweet and sours in taste, and is high in tartaric acid.

Organa Organic Drink - Refreshing Apple, 1 ltr Bottle,'5',110;
About--Organa Organic Drink - Refreshing Apple, 1 ltr Bottle


Coca Cola Soft Drink, 750 ml Bottle,'3',38;
About-Nothing beats the heat like a glass of a refreshing cold Coca Cola soft drink. Even during winters, it is fun to drink cola. The taste is so yummy and it goes well with almost anything. You can’t watch a movie without a cola drink
Ingredients--Carbonated Water, Sugar and Acidity Regulator (338).

Fresho Pineapple - Grade A, 1 pc ( approx. 800 to 900 gm ),'5',33;
About--The ripe fruits have a quality sweet aroma, which also shows its flavor. It has a dripping sweet, taste with a sharp bite. It is an extremely juicy fruit. It has more sugar content and therefore a sweeter flavor and more caring texture. It includes the proteolytic enzyme bromelain that digests food by breaking down protein. It is an admirable supply of Vitamin C and also holds Vitamin A, K and B-complex group of vitamins.
Benefits--Bromelain has anti-inflammatory properties and also reduces swelling caused due to inflammation. It also helps regulate the secretions in the pancreas to aid in digestion. It is a immune booster, prevents colds & coughs, strengthens bones.





New Arrivals---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nescafe Coffee - Classic, 50 gm Pouch,'5',110;
About--Nescafe Classic Coffee comes from 100% pure, high quality coffee beans. Enjoy a rich, full-bodied cup of coffee. Perfect for camping and other holiday times.
Ingredients--100% soluble coffee from coffee beans

Fresho Tomato Hybrid - Grade A, 1 kg ( approx. 13 to 14 nos ), '4', 22;
About--Tomato Hybrid is truly healthier than others. It is packed with the 50% more of the beneficial antioxidant lycopene which provides the fruit’s red color. These are rich in vitamins, moisture and phytonutrients and minerals. They are an outstanding supply of vitamins C, K and B6, beta-carotene, biotin, potassium, niacin, calcium, iron, phosphorous, selenium and zinc, as well as of many organic acids such as citric and malic acids.
Benefits--It helps to prevent or treat different types of anemia. It may play a role in the prevention of some types of cancer, including lung, prostate and colon cancer. It can be helpful in preventing the damage caused by free radicals to body tissues leading to premature aging and many chronic degenerative diseases. It helps in digestive function.

Fresho Potato, 1 kg ( approx. 9 to 10 nos ),'7',41;
About--Potatoes are filling, reasonable in calories, non-fattening, and are nutrient dense, which means you obtain many nutrients for the amount of calories they have. It has a rich and smooth texture. It is a good supply of carbohydrates, dietary fiber and some minerals like potassium, copper, magnesium and iron. It is also rich in phytochemical antioxidants like flavonoids, other B vitamins as well as folate.
Benefits--It is a very good diet for those who have mouth ulcers. It is easy to digest and facilitate digestion making them a good diet for patients. They maintain good blood glucose level which does not let brain fatigue creep in and keeps the brain active and alert. It is good for heart and beneficial for people having kidney stones.

Fresho Cucumber Hybrid - Grade A, 1 kg ( approx. 4 to 5 nos ),'8',21;
About--Cucumber Hybrid contains a striped light -dark green colored outer skin, which can be peeled or consumed with the peel. It is an extremely good source of Vitamin C, K and also includes vitamin A and B complex vitamins and minerals. It is low in calories and contains high water content.
Benefits--Cucumber are known to contain lignins with reduced risk of several cancer types, including breast, ovarian, uterine and prostate cancers. Cucumbers are 95 percent water, which keeps the body hydrated. Cucumbers have been used for ages in daily skin care regimens and help stimulate hair growth.

Aashirvaad Atta - Whole Wheat, 10 kg Pouch,'5',335;
About--Aashirvaad Whole Wheat Flour is finished from the best accepted ingredients that help recover digestion and offer good number of well nutrients to the body. Aashirvaad Whole Grain Atta does not hold any extra preservatives or flavours. 100% full Wheat Chapati Flour and no Maida added
Facts--(per 200 g) Calories 678 Total Fat 4 g Saturated 1 g Polyunsaturated 0 g Monounsaturated 0 g Trans 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 10 mg Potassium 0 mg Total Carbs 145 g Dietary Fiber 24 g Sugars 1 g Protein 27 g


Brooke Bond Taj Mahal Tea Bags - Honey Lemon Green, 25 pcs (40 gm) Carton,'3',127;
About--Tajmahal brings to you its Honey Lemon Tea Bags which insures to be made up of 100 percent natural tea leaves. It has got fresh aroma, composed of natural ingredients and is also nutritious along with being delicious. Start your day with fresh and pure Tajmahal tea.
Ingredients--Calories : 0 Calories from Fat : 0 Total Fat : 0.0g Sodium : 0mg Carbohydrates : 0.0g Protein : 0.0g

Nestle Dairy Whitener - EveryDay, 1 kg Pouch,'4',425;
About--Nestle Every Day Dairy Whitener is identified for its rich flavor and finest quality. It has high dietary value so it is a beloved drink for each one. It has rich nutritive rate and supplies body building proteins, bone forming minerals, and fitness giving vitamins and furnishes energy giving lactose and milk fat.
Nutrients--(per 100 g) Calories: 139 kcal Sodium: 0 mg Total Fat: 5.7 g Saturated Fat: 0 g Total Carbs: 0 g Sugars: 21 g Protein: 19 g Cholesterol: 0 mg Total Carbohydrate: 15.81 g Protein: 6.15 g


Pepsi Soft Drink - Diet, 250 ml Tin,'4',25;
About--Diet Pepsi contains softly changed its sweetener. It is not caffeine free, so you require factoring its caffeine content into your daily drinking. Pepsi is ubiquitous on just about each social instance. Be it parties, hangouts with friends, or just an additional day at home, a day is never complete lacking the fizz of Pepsi.
This Carbonated water contains an admixture of Aspartame (Methyl esler) and Acesulfame Potassium. Not recommended for children. No sugar added in the product. Not for Phenyketonurics.




B'Lue Zesty Orange - Lime Flavoured, 500 ml Bottle,'4',32;
About--B'lue Zesty Orange Lime Flavoured: Ingredients: Water, Sugar, Acidity Regulator (330, 331), Minerals(518, 508, Vitamins
