Veet Hair Removal Cream - Sensitive Skin, 60 gm, 99 , '3';
About--Veet Hair Removal Cream for Sensitive Skin is a hair removal cream designed to effectively remove hair without irritating sensitive skin. It can be used on the legs, underarms. The cream is enriched aloe vera and vitamin E to nourish and moisturize the skin, leaving it soft, silky, and smoother for longer
ingredients--Aqua, Urea, Paraffinum, Liquidum, Potassium Thioglycolate, Cetearyl Alcohol, Calcium Hydroxide, Talc, Cetereath-20, Propylene Glycol, Lithium Sodium Magnesium Silicate, Acrylates Copolymer, Sodium Gluconate, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Gel.


Veet Hair Removal Cream - Naturals with Camellia Seed Oil, 25 gm, 60, '2';
About--Enriched with camellia seed oil, This hair removal cream from Veet is perfect for a sensitive skin. It not only gently removes hair close to the root but reveals skin that is visibly bright and glowing in just 5-10 minutes. It is formulated with refreshing fragrances that are inspired by nature.
ingredients-Aqua, Urea, Potassium Thioglycolate, Paraffinum Liquidum, Cetearyl Alcohol, Calcium Hydroxide, Talc, Ceteareth-20, Glycerin, Sorbitol, Magnesium Trisilicate, Potassium Hydroxide, Parfum, Propylene Glycol, Lithium Magnesium Sodium Silicate, Sodium Gluconate, Acrylates Copolymer, Hydrated Silica, Carica Papaya Fruit Extract, Methylchloroisothiazolinone.


Veet Full Body Waxing Kit - Sensitive Skin (Almond Oil and Vitamin E), 20 pcs, 150, '3';
About--Veet Ready to use Wax Strips are effective at pulling out even 1.5 mm short hair,leaving you free to get upto4 weeklong lasting smoothness and instantly exfoliated skin, whenever you want, And they're so easy to use, any time: The ready-to-use pack gives you perfect waxing results in just 5 easy steps and the special Easy Grip tab helps you uproot hair in one easy move, Specially formulated with Almond Oil and Vitamin E Veet provides extra care to suit Sensitive Skin.
ingredients--. Take out a double wax strip and rub it between your hands to make the strips easy to separate, 2. Carefully peel the strips apart using the rounded Easy Grip tabs, 3. With the EasyGrip tab at the bottom apply one strip to your skin Rub several times in the direction your hair grows to make sure the wax adheres well, 4.Hold your skin taut Grasp the tab and pull the strip back on itself as quickly as you can against the direction the hair grows, Pull the strip back in one swift motion close to the skin rather than away from it, 5. After waxing clean away any wax left on your skin with a perfect Finish wipe
